Update query-language.md with detail on join and mv-expand quotas (#68837)
Azure/azure-content: articles/governance/resource-graph/concepts/query-language.md

|[union](/azure/kusto/query/unionoperator) |[Combine results from two queries into a single result](../samples/advanced.md#unionresults) |Single table allowed: _T_ `| union` \[`kind=` `inner`\|`outer`\] \[`withsource=`_ColumnName_\] _Table_. Limit of 3 `union` legs in a single query. Fuzzy resolution of `union` leg tables isn't allowed. May be used within a single table or between the _Resources_ and _ResourceContainers_ tables. |
|[where](/azure/kusto/query/whereoperator) |[Show resources that contain storage](../samples/starter.md#show-storage) | |

> There is a default limit of 3 `join` and 3 `mv-expand` operators in a single kusto query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a default limit of 3 `join` and 3 `mv-expand` operators in a single Resource Graph SDK query.
```

You can request an increase in these limits for your tenant through **Help + support**.

> The Azure Resource Graph Explorer within the Azure portal has a global limit of 4 `join` and 3 `mv-expand` operators, which cannot be increased at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support the "Open Query" portal experience, Azure Resource Graph Explorer has a higher global limit than Resource Graph SDK.
```
